The goal of this project is to create a modular simulation of an economy.

The basic elements are:

1. The Agents ("Homo Economicus")
    i. Each agent has a preference relation over all possible subsets of goods in the economy. A choice function generated by this preference relation is complete, transitive, and non-empty for all subsets of the choice set. This may be represented by a utility function
    ii. Each agent has an inventory, initialized to zero of each item.
    iii. Each agent has a home, located on a random square on an NxN grid that is not part of the Marketplace. Each agent starts at their home.
    iv. Each agent has a unique numerical ID, starting at 1.
    v. Each agent can trade with another agent if they are on the same square. They can also trade directly to the marketplace when they are inside the marketplace grid. They can trade only items currently in their inventory.
    vi. The trade rule is: agents will trade if and only if a trade results in an improvement according to that agent's preference relation/utility function. Agents trade at equilibrium price ratios, calculated based on the initial inventory endowments.

2. Agent's Home
    i. Each agent's home is initialized with an inventory described in section 5.
    ii. While in their home, agents can freely transfer items between their own inventory and their home inventory.

3. Marketplace
    i. The marketplace is an area in the center-most 2x2 portion of the NxN grid.
    ii. The marketplace can purchase items from agents for the equilibrium price. It will store these items in its inventory so that agents may purchase them later.

4. NxN Grid
    i. The length and width of the grid should each be 3 times the value of the number of agents.
    ii. Agents can move a single square in any direction per turn.

5. Goods
    i. There twice as many types of goods in the economy as their are agents.
    ii. The total quantity of each good is equal to 3 times the number of agents.
    iii. The total for each good is randomly divided up at initialization to each agent's home.

6. Preference generator
    i. Each agent should have, at minimum, different values for parameters in their utility function. Ideally, they have different functional forms entirely.
        a. For example, if 2 agents have a cobb douglas utility function, the exponents should differ in value.
        b. Better, though, would be one agent with cobb douglas, one with quasi-linear (perhaps cobb douglas over all but one good), one with CES, etc.
    ii. For the initial setup, give all agents cobb douglas utility functions with randomized weights and a small epsilon correction to avoid problems with 0-valued quantities. But implement a method to choose different utility functions from a list to be filled out later.

Agents begin at their homes. The initial distribution of the 3A quantity of 2A goods is determined randomly, and placed in agents' home inventories. Agents then retrieve their endowments from their home and begin traveling to the marketplace. If they cross paths with another agent that they has mutually beneficial trading opportunities, they trade at the equilibrium price, then continue to the market place. Once an agent reaches the market place, they sell any items in excess of their optimum amounts to the marketplace. They then wait until all other agents have done so, and then any agent with cash remaining attempts to purchase items from the marketplace to achieve their optimum bundle.

Final statistics on initial vs ending inventory; intitial vs ending utility; and items sold/purchased for each agent should be printed to the console, and this process should be visualized via pygame.